feat: Implement Requirement 1.1.2 (#78)
open-feature/ruby-sdk: README.md

For complete documentation, visit: https://openfeature.dev/docs/category/concepts

### Providers

> Providers are the abstraction layer between OpenFeature and different flag management systems. Custom ones can easily be implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providers are the abstraction layer between OpenFeature and different flag management systems.
```

> The `NoOpProvider` is an example of a minimally functioning provider. For complete documentation on the Provider interface, visit: https://openfeature.dev/specification/sections/providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `NoOpProvider` is an example of a minimalist provider. For complete documentation on the Provider interface, visit: https://openfeature.dev/specification/sections/providers.
```

In addition to the `fetch_*` methods, providers can optionally implement lifecycle methods that are invoked when the underlying provider is switched out. For example:

```ruby
class MyProvider
  def init
    # Perform any initialization steps with flag management system here
    # Return value is ignored
  end

  def shutdown
    # Perform any shutdown/reclamation steps with flag management system here
    # Return value is ignored

>   end

Reviewer: The spec _tries_ to avoid specifying names to avoid classes with lang keywords, etc.

As long as it's clear and idiomatic, you can use whatever term makes sense.

end
```

> **Note** The OpenFeature spec defines a lifecycle method called `initialize` to be called when a new provider is set. To avoid conflicting with the Ruby `initialize` method, this method should be named `init` when creating a provider.

Reviewer: This is a great thing to call out!.

We should actually fix the verbiage of the spec just a bit to make it clear the exact name of this function is up to the implementation (we generally call that out, but we didn't for `initialize()`.

Author: I can open a quick PR tomorrow to add the same language to the initialize part of the spec!

Author: https://github.com/open-feature/spec/pull/244

For complete documentation, visit: https://openfeature.dev/docs/category/concepts

### Providers

Providers are allowed to implement an initialize method that is invoked when they are set in the API. In order to avoid conflicting with the Ruby `initialize` method, this method should be named `init`. In addition, it should not accept any parameters and the return value is not used.

> Providers are also allowed to implement a `shutdown` method that is invoked on a provider when a new provider is set. This should not accept any parameters and the return value is not used.

Reviewer 2: I think the differences between `init` and `initialize`, is more about the specification and working with ruby. If that's the case, this could be targeted at demonstrating how to implement, and then note the differences from the spec at the end.

Towards that end, including a simple example could be useful, ie:

```ruby
class MyProvider
   def init
      # return value not used
   end

  def shutdown
     # return value not used
   end
end
```
